How to get started using ESDRobotics GitHub



________________________________________<HOW TO GET STARTED>____________________________________________
1) the first step is to create a github account using you school email. LINK => github.com
2) the second step is to download the github desktop app LINK => https://desktop.github.com/
3) the next step is to make sure that you are logged in to the github desktop app.
4) ask Your teacher or leader to log into to admin account and invite you to the organization.
5) then you need to go to the link here and click view invitation. LINK => https://github.com/ESDRobotics
6) once you are in the organization ask the teacher to add you to the correct team.
7) now you need to clone your repo to your computer from the desktop app. DO NOT DO THIS TO DROPBOX OR GOOGLE DRIVE



________________________________________<GENERAL INFO ABOUT GITHUB>____________________________________________
 • Github works on the idea that you have files on your computer, then when you edit them, you have to send the back to the cloud
 • when you are done working on a file, you then need to go to the changes tab of the desktop app, and have to commit the files.
      X YOU MUST WRITE A DESCRIPTION. YOU MUST WRITE A DESCRIPTIVE DESCRITPION.
 • the general repo is for general code or things that everyone needs to have access to.
 • the organization scheme is to keep a repo for each robot, one for general things, and one for the robot class.
 • When the year ends take all the old code, zip it up and add it to a folder in the general repo.
 • At least one student should also have access to the admin account so they can make changes. This should be a REC member(or what ever future leadership structure exist).
 • IF A NEW REPO HAS TO BE MADE MAKE SURE TO ADD IT TO THE SLACK INTEGRATION SO THAT IT POST TO THE #CODE CHANNEL
 • make sure to keep the teams up to date with who is on which team
 •
